Documentation: Few updates (#3698)
pypeclub/OpenPype: website/docs/artist_concepts.md

In our pipeline all the main entities the project is made from are internally considered *'Assets'*. Episode, sequence, shot, character, prop, etc. All of these behave identically in the pipeline. Asset names need to be absolutely unique within the project because they are their key identifier.

> OpenPype has limitation regarging duplicated names. Name of assets must be unique across whole project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenPype has a limitation regarding duplicated names. Name of assets must be unique across whole project.
```

Each published variant can come out of the software in multiple representations. All of them hold exactly the same data, but in different formats. A model, for example, might be saved as `.OBJ`, Alembic, Maya geometry or as all of them, to be ready for pickup in any other applications supporting these formats.

#### Naming convention

> At this moment names of assets, tasks, subsets or representations can contain only letters, numbers and underscore.

Reviewer: _This is not feedback, but a potential nice use case for some users._

Regarding this - we've actually exposed "label" in our Project Manager so that you can do something like this:

![afbeelding](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2439881/186120329-5598e03c-cbe6-497d-a525-af647cbbbdd1.png)

Which would show as only the human readable label in Launcher and Loader, etc.

Author: I've added that information primarily for ftrack, shotgrid and kitsu users where it would require more complex solution. Story for different place :)
